feat(changelog): instances-changed-pro2-and-play2-instances 2023-01-18 (#1210)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2023/2023-01-18-instances-changed-pro2-and-play2-instances.mdx

---

> title: PRO2 and PLAY2 Instances are now available in the ams-1 region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: PRO2 and PLAY2 Instances are now available in the AMS-1 Availability Zone
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #instance channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-01-18
category: compute
product: instances
---

> The new generation of PRO2 General Purpose Instances are now available in all regions, including ams-1 region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new generation of PRO2 General Purpose Instances are now available in all Availability Zones, including AMS-1.
```

> The new generation of PRO2 General Purpose Instances are now available in all regions, including ams-1 region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new generation of PRO2 General Purpose Instances are now available in all regions, including `ams-1` region.
```

> The new generation of PLAY2 Development Instances are now also available in ams-1 region (Available in all regions except par-3)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new generation of PLAY2 Development Instances are now also available in `ams-1` region (Available in all regions except `par-3`)
```

> The new generation of PLAY2 Development Instances are now also available in ams-1 region (Available in all regions except par-3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new generation of PLAY2 Development Instances is available in the PAR-1, PAR 2, AMS2, WAW1, WAW2 Availability Zones, and now also in AMS-1.
```
